Office of William Randolph Hearst, La Cuesta Encantada, San Simeon, California

April 3, 1930.

Dear Miss Morgan:

I am sorry about Dan Ryan, too, but as a matter of fact he was fearfully spoiled.

Mr. Slattery was a very bad manager, in my opinion.  I think I have found that 
everything he did was done in an extravagant manner.  He was also very obstinate and 
opinionated, and insisted upon doing things his own way, making it necessary to have 
many things re-done at added cost.

He allowed excessive salaries to be paid.  Mr. Keep pays $125 for a teamster when a 
perfectly good one can be had for $75.  Mr. Keep also pays $140 for a pruner and 
orchard hand when we think we could get a perfectly satisfactory man for $90.

Mr. Rossi used to prevent those things and got into some conflict in doing it, but he 
did do it.

Mr. Parks believes in having a uniform rate of salaries throughout, and I think he is 
right; and management of that systematic kind means not only economy but harmony.

Ryan should have been paid about $40 a week.  He got a salary and overtime and extras.  
Then he got an increase in salary to cover the overtime and extras and still got the 
overtime and the extras.

In the end he was getting paid about twice what he should have been paid, and as is 
usually the case in such situations became more or less indifferent and difficult to 
manage.

I think the situation is greatly improved by the loss of Mr. Ryan.  He did not do 
anything well, either in his electrical job or in his moving picture job.

In fact, we finally had to pay Mr. Ryan for the moving picture job and then bring an 
operator up from Los Angeles to do his work for him.

Finally, Miss Morgan, I think as a matter of system, it would be well to have the 
people working here on the Hill Top either definitely under Mr. Parks or definitely 
under Mr. Rossi or definitely under Mrs. O'Brien.

I think where there is divided authority, the employee manages to evade both authorities 
to a certain degree.  I think if the authority is definite, however and Mrs. O'Brien 
wants someoneMiss Morgan -- 2.								April 3, 1930.

temporarily who is under Mr. Rossi's jurisdiction, she can get him by a requisition on 
Mr. Rossi for a certain time for a certain job for which she will pay.

And where Mr. Rossi wants someone from Mrs. O'Brien's household staff, or Mr. Park's 
department, requisition can be made upon Mrs. O'Brien and the services paid for.

I believe this kind of a system will avoid expense and avoid confusion and avoid 
employes getting in the condition that Mr. Ryan was in.

As Mr. Ryan has already been spoiled, however, I think there was nothing to do but let 
him go.

Sincerely,

s/ WR Hearst