Aug. 19, 1933.

(Duplicate of letter sent to McCloud)

Miss Julia Morgan,
McCloud, California.

Dear Miss Morgan:

Tavernier painted "The Redwoods," now at Wyntoon.

2.  By the way, there were two Tavernier pictures in oil of the Western plains.  
They were mates.

One of these pictures is in the vault at the ranch.  The other apparently is not there, 
and nobody seems to know anything about it.  It must be somewhere.  It was just one of 
those things that could not be lost.

It is about the size of "The Redwoods," but a lengthwise, not upright, picture; and it 
is painted in a different medium, and in a very different style.

Do you think you could find it for me?

3.  Will you kindly send to Miss A. M. Head at the National Magazine Company, 153 Queen 
Victoria street, London, E/ C. 4, for delivery to Sir Charles Allom, sample of the tile 
that we used for the pool at Wyntoon?

I would like to use the same type of tile for the pool at St. Donat's.  It is a big 
pool, 150 feet long approximately, and must be treated in a broad way.

The ordinary small tile would not be as good as these big green tiles with a matted 
surface.  Please also send him a sample of the gutter if you can get it.

And would you mind writing him a brief letter about disinfecting and filtering the 
water?

We learned something at the Beach about the effect of the water on boilers, etc., and 
perhaps you would better transmit that information also, so that the installation shall 
be as perfect as possible.

4.  The type of shaving mirrors that they use at St. Donat's I had Sir Charles send to 
San Simeon, and there is a pari of them in Mr. Williams' keeping.

These mirrors go on each side of a window and are the best things in the way of shaving  
mirrors I have ever seen, provided theMiss Morgan--2.

bathroom has the right kind of window.

Of course they would be no use in my own bathroom in San Simeon where the windows are 
up in the roof.

4.  Regarding the names of the houses,-- I do not think we should disturb the names 
that people are already familiar with; namely, the River House, and the River Cottage.

The Turrets is also a good name, and we might call the large proposed cottage opposite 
Angel Creek the Angel Creek Cottage, although the name seems long, and a name descriptive
 of some other characteristic might be better.

I do not know what to call the little cottage we are now erecting.  The most conspicuous
 characteristic is the oriel window.

If we do not name the houses something that is obviously appropriate and easily 
remembered, they will unquestionably be called the A, B, and C cottages like the cottages
 on the ranch.

5.  It comes to me that if the cottages have no very distinguishing characteristics, 
we could easily give them some.

For instance, the Angel Cottage could have an angel carved in wood at one of the corner.

Perhaps another could be called the Hunter's Cottage, with some little figure of a 
hunter.

And there could be a Brown Bear cottage, with the figure of a bear; etcetera.

In fact, I am inclined to think that this is the only way that we can be sure the names 
we give the cottages will stick.

We can proceed on the same principle as the old inn signs, which always had a picture or
 a carving that identified the place easily in the minds of the public, and enabled 
 people to say, I will meet you at the Golden Heart or the Blue Boar, etc.

I guess we are all primitive enough to make a simple identification of that kind the 
easiest to remember.

Sincerely yours,

s/ W.R. HEARST.
