Office of William Randolph Hearst, La Cuesta Encantada, San Simeon, California

Feb. 28, 1930.

Dear Miss Morgan:

Without going into any expensive construction or any large construction, there are a lot
 of things that out to be attended to, and I think you can instruct Mr. Rossi to go ahead 
 with these, if you will.

I have given him a memorandum.  I think the rest of the North Terrace should be poured.  

The place looks bad in an unfinished condition.  Mr. Rossi thinks he can do it in a week 
or ten days.

Perhaps in an additional week or ten days he could also pour the east wall and stairs to 
it, so that the terrace would be practically completed.

2.  I have told Mr. Rossi to chop down the deodars.  It is too much trouble and expense 
to move them and we have no place for them.

We should plant oaks or laurel.  I would prefer oaks if we can find some the right shape, 
with branches that will grow out over the terrace.

The oaks need not be so big as to be cumbersome in handling.  I am willing to have small 
ones, and if I do not get the shade the youngsters will.

3.  You and I agreed that the Italian cypress should be planted in the various places in 
the North Terrace.  I have told Mr. Rossi to bring them on and put them in.

Another important thing is to take care of the cypress that we have.  The wind storms of
 this winter have not done them any good.  The branches have been blown apart and should
  be bound together again; and above all we must have the necessary braces.

We can put in the iron braces if need be, but I do not see why we cannot go to work on 
the caryatids and have them ready soon so that maybe the temporary braces will not be 
necessary.

4. As I wrote to you, I think, the interior of the theatre should be finished.  That is 
a place that we use almost as much as the dining room or the living room.  This work
 should be gotten at immediately, and all the designs determined as early as possible.

5.  I have a revolutionary idea bout the in-door tennis court, which is not immediate 
but which we can be thinking about if you will kindly do so.

This is-- to build the indoor court in front of the present construction instead of on 
top of it.
Miss Morgan--2.							Feb. 28, 1930

I mean by that to build it to the north of the indoor swimming pool, and have the court 
on the same level as the pool.

As the pool construction is about twenty feet high, and indoor court would have to be 
forty feet high, the top of the indoor court would have to be forty feet high, the top 
of the indoor court building would project about twenty feet above the level of the out-
door tennis courts and would serve as the north wall to the existing tennis courts.

I think this would be much less expensive to construct and might be better looking as 
it would not tower so high in the air.

Finally, it would preserve our present out-door tennis courts and give us the indoor 
courts as a third court.

The objections are that it would eliminate a great part of the plaza but I do not know 
that that is serious, as there is not special use for a large plaza.

The road could be easily made to circle around it.

Another objection is the loss of side lighting to the indoor pool.

We would only have the lighting from each end; although I do not see why artificial 
lighting would not be satisfactory if the end lighting was insufficient.

You will know about the comparative architectural advantages.  I do definitely feel, 
however, that allowing the two out-door courts to stand and adding a third court indoors
 is a much more useful plan than the one we had, which eliminated one of our out-door 
 courts and put the other one in a sort of a pocket.

6.  If we agree on the above plan, we can go right ahead and finish up our indoor pool.

There will be no need for waiting for construction. Therefore, any time you feel like it,
 the men can be put at work finishing the pool.

I am leaving Sunday night but expect to be back again at the end of the week, if you want
 to come down then.

Sincerely yours,

s/ WR Hearst