Letterhead:  Office of William Randolph Hearst, La Cuesta Encantada, San Simeon, 
California

April 3, 1930.

Dear Miss Morgan:

The best way to do the chicken plant would dunboutedly be to do it as we had originally 
planned.  But this takes a good deal of money, and I am afraid if we contemplate any 
such large expenditure we will not do anything at all; because there are other things 
more immediately around the Hill Top that are more pressing, and will use up funds 
available.

2.  I stopped Mr. Parks building the horse barn because I wanted to do it in a more 
permanent and proper fashion.  But after we had designed something satisfactory the 
cost of building it was so considerable that we have done nothing at all for the past 
two years in the direction of a needed horse barn.

I doubt very much if we will do anything very much for the next two years, because when 
I compare the need of a horse barn or another house at San Simeon or a bunkhouse for 
the men, or a lodge at the gate, or the extension of the plans that we have on the 
Hill, the horse barn gets the worst of the situation.

3.  And in view of these facts, I have concluded that it is desirable to put up cheap 
and temporary structures to meet immediate needs in the matter of the chicken farm 
and the horse barn and the little cabin at the gate for the men instead of an elaborate 
lodge, etc. etc.

It is true that these constructions are not permanently satisfactory and that we will 
eventually tear them down; but we will not tear them down until we are quite ready to 
build the more satisfactory and more permanent structures.

In the meantime, they will serve to meet the pressing requirements of these various 
situations.

I think, therefore, we should proceed with the poultry plant on a temporary basis and I 
have given an outline to Mr. Smith of what I think ought to be done down there.

We need to raise a lot of chickens in the poultry plant with the idea of making it 
self-supporting, and I think we should have a lot of accommodation and equipment; and 
as I have said above, and for the reasons I have mentioned, of a cheap and temporary 
kind.

Sincerely,

s/ WR Hearst