NOV. 22, 1932.

MEMORANDUM FROM MR. HEARST --
To Mr. Loorz and Mr. McClure:

Answering Miss Morgan's memorandum, I think I would prefer to have the present crew of 
men working on the pool carried on into december, until the pool is finished.

2.  As we are having so much trouble with the glass in the rooms of the Celestial Suite,
 I would be willing to accept either plain glass or antique glass, according to the 
 strength of it.  

In other words, the plain glass will do it if is stronger, as I understand it is.

3.  In this connection, let me offer some suggestions; for instance:

In order to prevent the lass cracking, I should think it might be set in small pieces 
in the grille, making the grille of heavier iron or copper or lead, in order to hold 
the glass properly. [Handwritten: New lights are set, ni lead]

This would be a good plan if we are going to have double doors on the balconies, as I 
think we should.

The double glazed doors would be advantageous for winter and would surely keep out the 
rain.  In the summer the glass could be removed from one of the doors and a screen 
substituted.

The screens are very necessary in these high rooms, not only for the insects but the 
bats; and double doors are essential.

This would merely mean, therefore, making a heaviergrille out of the different metal, and using it as a frame for the smaller pieces of 
glass instead of as a detached feature outside the glass.

4.  I do not know anything about elephant yards, but I would think that Mr. Bistany's 
suggestion of posts of iron or other material would be good for the yard.

Of course the windows or doors in the house should be fortified with iron bars.

I do not think the location of the elephant yard is of great importance.  It could be 
placed at the East end of the Hill, as Miss Morgan had in mind, or it could be placed 
on the side as was originally intended and the East end yard used for deer or an 
assorted collection of herbiferous animals.

I do not see how the elephant could exactly accommodate itself to the quarters of some 
other animal, as Miss Morgan suggests, because the requirements of the elephant are 
peculiar.

I think we can compose a plan for the zoological garden which will have the elephants
on the North side, as originally planned.

I do not know about the elephant pond.  That is beyond me.  I should think an elephant 
hose would be pretty good.  If we have a puddle of some kind I do not see that it need 
be ornamental.

5.  I am told Miss Morgan approves the passages alongside the theatre to the proposed 
great hall.  The way through the theatre was not a natural one.
3-

6.  I have not seen the door designs that Miss Morgan refers to.

7.  Any additions to the Roman pool building are a matter of the distant future.  The 
next building to be built will be the proposed great hall.

8.  I should imagine curtains for the duplex windows would be desirable.

9.  I realize we have bills to pay and that is the reason want to reach the irreducible 
minimum point as soon as possible and pay the bills.

We will, of course, keep some men at work during the winter.  The unfinished duplexes 
should be finished, and so should the so-called music room.

The lanterns and other matters can be attended to.

Secretary.
